Documentation for "running tests" and "vdiff" (#163)
BrightspaceUI/testing: README.md

> **Important:** `defineCE` is not performant and shouldn't be used outside of test files.

## Running Tests

Use the `d2l-test-runner` binary to execute a set of tests and report their results. It builds upon the robust [@web/test-runner](https://modern-web.dev/docs/test-runner/overview/), while configuring it for Brightspace components and applications.

### CLI and Configuration

`d2l-test-runner` can be configured using CLI flags or an optional configuration file.

#### Options

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| :--- | :---: | :---: | :--- |
| group | `String` | `'test'` | Name of the test group to run |
| chrome | `Boolean` | `true` | Run tests in Chromium |
| firefox | `Boolean` | `true` | Run tests in Firefox |

> | safari | `Boolean` | `true` | Run tests in Webkit |

Reviewer: Technically doesn't default to `true` for vdiff, but probably not worth complicating the docs here.

Later Edit: And you do call it out in the `vdiff` section

| timeout | `Number` | `2000` | Test timeout threshold in ms |
| filter | `String` | | Filter test files by replacing wildcards with this glob |
| grep | `String` | | Only run tests matching this string or regexp |
| files | `String` | `'./test/**/*.<group>.js'` | Test files to run. Path or glob. |
| config | `String` | `'./d2l-test-runner.config.js'` | Location of config file |
| watch | `Boolean` | `false` | Reload tests on file changes. Allows debugging in all browsers. |
| open | `Boolean` | `false` | Open the browser in headed mode |
| slowmo | `Number` | | Slows down test operations by the specified number of milliseconds. Useful for debugging. |
| slow | `Number` | `75` | Tests whose duration in milliseconds are at most half of this threshold are "fast" and tests which exceed it are "slow" |

For example, to run all tests in the default `'test'` group in Firefox and with a `3s` timeout:

```bash

> d2l-test-runner --firefox --timeout=3000

Reviewer: I always do this:
```suggestion
d2l-test-runner --firefox --timeout 3000
```
Are they equivalent?

Author: They both work for me so I think they are equivalent, but I can remove the `=` if we think that syntax is more common.

```

A `d2l-test-runner.config.js` file in the current working directory (or the path from the `config` CLI flag) can also be used to configure `d2l-test-runner`.

```javascript
export default {
  firefox: true,
  timeout: 3000

> };

Reviewer: Not sure if this actually works? I think `timeout` does, but I don't think you can set the `browsers` like this at the top level?
One of the reasons I really don't love the config, never sure what I can set or can't.  Maybe we define all the options accepted here?

Author: Yeah good call. I'll adjust this to call out all the things you can set.

Wildcards can still be used but need to be escaped. So `d2l-test-runner --filter foo\*` will run tests which match `'./test/**/foo*.test.js'`.

### By Test Name

Use the `grep` option to filter by test name. Only tests whose names match the provided string or regular expression will be run, regardless of file name.

For example, `d2l-test-runner --grep foo` will run any test whose test suite(s) or name contains "foo".

> **Note:** unfortunately, tests which do not match the grep value will be reported as failed instead of skipped.

### Debugging Tests

When tests don't go as expected, the next step is usually to debug them using the browser's built-in developer tools.

There are two options for debugging:
* `watch`: after running `d2l-test-runner --watch`, choose "D" (debug in the browser) and select which test file to launch
* `open`: is a shortcut for `watch` that opens a browser window for each file sequentially. For large projects, use it in combination with `filter` to limit which file(s) are opened. For example: `d2l-test-runner --filter foo --watch`.

> With both `watch` and `open`, the browser debugger will be paused at the top of the file under test, which provides an opportunity to attach breakpoints if desired. A toolbar at the top of the screen then allows for each individual test to be skipped or run, as well as a "run all" option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With both `watch` and `open`, you can open the dev tools before starting the test run and the browser debugger will be paused at the top of the file under test. This provides an opportunity to attach breakpoints if desired. A toolbar at the top of the screen then allows for each individual test to be skipped or run, as well as a "run all" option.
```

Or is this only a Windows thing?

Author: Oh interesting... so for me dev-tools is always opened for me.

Reviewer: I wonder if it's something I need to set?  That would be nice, it's a huge pain to open it and then when you start the screen resizes to small again

Author: Yeah so Chromium is the only one that consistently has the debugger window open for me. I'll adjust the wording to what you provided to cover both cases.

> ## Vdiff Testing

Author: We decided to go with this version.

});
```

### Configuring the Snapshot Area

By default, the snapshot area will be a rectangle around the target element plus a `10px` buffer margin on each side. To use a different margin, pass it as an option:

```javascript
await expect(elem).to.be.golden({ margin: 20 });
```

#### Capturing the Viewport

To capture the entire viewport, pass `document` as the target element to the assertion:

```javascript
await expect(document).to.be.golden();
```

#### Changing the Vdiff Target

If the target element doesn't accurately represent the area to be captured, the `vdiff-target` CSS class can be applied to the element that does.

In the following example, the initial target element's area will not contain the nested element. By adding the `vdiff-target` CSS class to the nested element, it becomes the new vdiff target.

```javascript
const elem = await fixture(html`
  <span>
    <div class="vdiff-target" style="height: 50px; width: 30px;">hello</div>
  </span>
`);

> await expect(elem).to.be.golden();

Reviewer: `vdiff-target` only works inside components, I'd expect this to just use the `span`'s size.  Maybe we switch this section with the other (since people outside `core` will probably need `vdiff-include` a lot more than `vdiff-target`), and then something like this?

```javascript
// example-component.js
render() {
  return html`
    <span>
      <div class="vdiff-target" style="height: 50px; width: 30px;">hello</div>
    </span>
  `;
}

// example-component.vdiff.js
const elem = await fixture(html`<example-component></example-component>`);
await expect(elem).to.be.golden();
```

Author: Makes sense, will adjust.

### Continuous Integration

Vdiff testing becomes especially powerful when it can run as part of your repo's continuous integration process.

For repositories using GitHub Actions, the [vdiff GitHub Action](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/actions/tree/main/vdiff) can be leveraged. It will automatically run vdiff tests and commit goldens to source control. When changes to the goldens are detected, the action will publish a vdiff report and open a pull request to update the goldens.

Refer to the [vdiff GitHub Action](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/actions/tree/main/vdiff) documentation for more details and setup instructions.

### Generating the Goldens

To ensure a consistent environment, goldens checked into source control should be generated by [continuous integration](#continuous-integration). 

However, it can be helpful during development to generate a local version of the goldens to test and preview changes. This can be done by passing the `golden` sub-command:

```bash
d2l-test-runner vdiff golden
```

> ### Reports

Reviewer: Do we want to mention the committed browser version file anywhere?
